Update Arcade to 1.0 (#93)
langchain-ai/social-media-agent: README.md

Click [here](https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/cloud/reference/cli/) to read the full download instructions for the LangGraph CLI.

### Setup authentication

The agent needs your authorization to read and write to social media platforms. There are two ways to authorize the agent:

1. Use Arcade (quickest to set up)
2. Use your own Twitter and LinkedIn developer accounts

You can use either method, but not both.

> Regardless of the method you choose, you will need to set these environment variables in your `.env` file:
> 
> - `TWITTER_USER_ID` - The ID/email of the Twitter account you want to use to post to Twitter.
> - `LINKEDIN_USER_ID` - The ID/email of the LinkedIn account you want to use to post to LinkedIn.
> 
> #### Arcade setup
> 
> Create an Arcade account [here](https://www.arcade.dev). After you register, [get an Arcade API key](https://docs.arcade.dev/home/quickstart?lang=typescript). Set this value as `ARCADE_API_KEY` in your `.env` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Arcade setup

Create an Arcade account [here](https://www.arcade.dev). After you register, [get an Arcade API key](https://docs.arcade.dev/home/quickstart?lang=typescript). Set this value as `ARCADE_API_KEY` in your `.env` file.

Then, you will need to set these environment variables in your `.env` file:

- `TWITTER_USER_ID` - The ID/email of the Twitter account you want to use to post to Twitter.
- `LINKEDIN_USER_ID` - The ID/email of the LinkedIn account you want to use to post to LinkedIn.
```

Using the linkedin/twitter api directly doesn't req this since you set the access tokens/user urn (linkedin) for the specific user you authorized in the `.env`
